Fire 5 years after massive #SlaveLake, AB fire, there are still obvious signs of the disaster; shows you
Fire In the wake of Fort McMurray, experts are asking if the Canadian governments are ready for the next disaster. 
Fire Fort McMurray fire: What’s happening now, and what you’ve missed 
Fire NSW: Coaldale Rd, Fortis Creek: ALERT LEVEL: Advice LOCATION: 579 Coaldale Rd, Fortis Creek, NSW 2460 COUNCIL... 
Fire Fromage told me I was a disaster in the kitchen...I enjoy cooking...but I've set dish towels on fire too many times ;A;
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster?: “The likelihood of someone dying in Canada... 
Fire #Disaster #Nature :( Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster?: ... #UniteBlue #World :(
Fire I showed my wife the Heysel Stadium disaster, followed by the Bradford stadium fire.  She was shocked that they happened.
Fire Hot News !! Disaster Tornado + Fire: via 
Fire has 1 recent sale on #Fire  #disaster
Fire Fort McMurray Fire Disaster 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? - Globalnews.ca
Fire #TheAshes^ Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster?: As officials in Alberta sift th... 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? - Globalnews.ca 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster? 
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster?
Fire Wind, water, fire: Is Canada ready for the next natural disaster?: As officials in Alberta sift through the a... 
Fire GHANASS gets new dormitory weeks after fire disaster 
Fire Nuclear Disaster Threatens Millions In Heart Of USA! #radiation #nuclear #waste #fire #danger
Fire A massive city fire, a disaster relief franchise firm and a president’s pet saying illustrate #cybersecurity trends. 
Fire I'm a fire starter, I'm a sweet disaster
Fire Absolutely amazing! This shows a community stepping up to help others in time of true disaster!... 
Fire Hot damn the community is on fire, disaster strikes us all in this sad day of half our KI friends being laid off...
Fire Disaster Commemoration! 
Fire Where's the fire, disaster planning for sites, don't panic, plan.  #DrupalCon
Fire Montrose Fire (Wildfire): The Montrose Fire was discovered early this morning burning in the area of Box Spri... 
Fire Deluxe 2-Person Perfect Survival Kit for Emergency Disaster ... | | via 
Fire The Southern Baptist Disaster Relief Team will be at the Geronimo Fire Station at 2:30 to get information from... 
Fire Mag bigay pugay muna tayo sa mga Kapatid nteng tumulong sa Canada during the Worst Fire Disaster.. #ABSCBNUNETHICAL 
Fire Economic Impact of Alberta Wildland Fires: #iaem #fema ##nema #dhs #nfs #Uasi #fire 
Fire Will the worst #wildfire disaster in the U.S. happen in New Jersey in the future? 
Fire This is why it's important NOT to donate just anything after a disaster strikes. Clothes, blankets, books, toys,... 
Fire When ur life is a disaster but ur cover photo is fire
Fire Fort McMurray fire update   
Fire Will the worst #wildfire disaster in the U.S. happen in New Jersey in the future? 
Fire Was your home damaged in a fire? Here's how to navigate the insurance claim process: 
Fire Fort McMurrary Fire Gov disaster Relief now $1850++each vs. FIRST NATIONS Tar Sands Water contamination=bottle water 
Fire There is no material donation you can send that conveys as much benefit to the disaster response as CASH 
Fire #DYK: $$ donations enable disaster responders to purchase exactly what’s needed first? 
Fire Fort McMurray fire: What’s happening now, and what you’ve missed #worldnews #news #breakingnews
Fire Canada appreciates the expressions of sympathy from all over the world for the Fort Mc Murray fire disaster.... 
Fire id fire rob hennigan and alex martins. The last 4 years have been a disaster
Fire Tips and training for our employees to #beprepared for a flood, fire or other natural disaster 
Fire Mixed reactions on #instagramlogo; #Twitter on fire with hatred, #branding experts pleased: 
Fire Come on Canada! A disaster is not an excuse for you to get rid of your junk. Cash is way more helpful than crap! 
Fire Our director, talks "Donations During a Disaster" with Check it out: 
Fire "Act of God" doesn't exist in any home policies in Canada. Fire is covered. Some facts: 
Fire The fire precipitating the 2013 explosion of a West, Texas, fertilizer plant was arson, ATF announces: 
Fire REMINDER: The next Citizen's Preparedness Training will be held TONIGHT at 7:00pm at the Pine Plains Community... 
Fire High rise flats - managing fire risks to prevent disaster: 
Fire Fort McMurray Fire: Banks Trim 2016 Outlooks In Wake Of Disaster: OTTAWA — The effects of the enormous ... #news
Fire Glacier Farm Media pledges $50K in support for wildfire disaster relief after Fort McMurray fire. 
Fire #DearPRESIDENTDigongPlease upgrade disaster management and risk reduction since we're in the typhoon belt AND the Pacific Ring of Fire.
Fire Our “fire rating” can help to reduce damage should disaster strike. 
Fire Disaster expert: massive fire may save us f future risks!#cdnpoli #onpoli #qcpoli #abpoli #skpoli
Fire "It's a fire, mister, and all fires are bad." Up next at 12.50pm, classic disaster drama The Towering Inferno. 
Fire I'm watching Chicago Fire 3x15 "Headlong Toward Disaster" #trakt
Fire Fort McMurray fire : Red cross to transfer $50-million for evacuees. #news #information #latest #latestnews 
Fire are on fire , only disaster will see them loose the stage 
Fire #bradfordfire #rip BBC Sport - Bradford fire: The Valley Parade disaster 30 years on 
Fire #Habbo The Natural Disaster - The Hotel grounds were set on fire and are now FULL of space bacteria... Read more: 
Fire Fire-fighting, first aid & more: how villagers in Pakistan are better prepared for disasters 
Fire [Habbo dot COM] The natural disaster: The Hotel grounds were set on fire and are now FULL of space bac... 
Fire The natural disaster: The Hotel grounds were set on fire and are now FULL of space bacteria. Sort this disast... 
Fire The natural disaster: The Hotel grounds were set on fire and are now FULL of space bacteria. Sort this disast... 
Fire #Habbo The natural disaster: The Hotel grounds were set on fire and are now FULL of space bacteria. Sort this... 
Fire NSW: Adams Rd, Luddenham: ALERT LEVEL: Advice LOCATION: 155 Adams Rd, Luddenham, NSW 2745 COUNCIL AREA: Liver... 
Fire If we Find a Fire Spot, We'll Water Bomb it: Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of South Sumater... 
Fire If we Find a Fire Spot, We'll Water Bomb it: Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of So... #palembang
Fire If we Find a Fire Spot, We'll Water Bomb it: Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of So... #palembang
Fire Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of South Sumatera, Yulizar Dinoto, ha... 
Fire If we Find a Fire Spot, We'll Water Bomb it: Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of South Sumater... 
Fire #InfoKito Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of South Sumatera, Yulizar Dinoto, has prep... 3BunPal
Fire #NewsSumsel If we Find a Fire Spot, We'll Water Bomb it: Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of S... 
Fire #NewsSumsel If we Find a Fire Spot, We'll Water Bomb it: Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of S... 
Fire Forest / Wild Fire - North-America - Canada: 02.05.2016 - 08:08:28 - Forest / Wild Fire event happened in Nor... 
Fire If we Find a Fire Spot, We'll Water Bomb it: Head of the Regional Disaster Management Agency of South Sumatera,… 
Fire John Newcombe: funding may be available to help transport #hives away from declared disaster (fire/flood) areas in NSW #beekeeping #agchatoz
Fire NSW: Barooga HR: ALERT LEVEL: Advice LOCATION: Murray Valley Regional Park COUNCIL AREA: Berrigan STATUS: Und... 
Fire NSW: Between Eight Mile Creek Rd, Wittitrin: ALERT LEVEL: Advice LOCATION: Between Eight Mile Creek Rd, Witti... 
Fire Thousands fighting to put out fire in India forests -#ATWA #Forests
Fire thank you! My knees are on fire
Fire Fire on the Horizon LP: The Untold Story of the Gulf Oil Disaster 
Fire Fire on the Horizon LP: The Untold Story of the Gulf Oil Disaster 
Fire what a disaster you guys are! Leave Coyle in CA - fire him in the parking lot!
Fire #MSGmissionShah Satnam Ji Greens Welfare Force Wing undergo disastertraining for special rescue in disaster fire fighting
Fire NSW: Enfield Range Rd, Cooplacurripa: ALERT LEVEL: Advice LOCATION: Enfield Range Rd, Cooplacurripa, NSW 2424... 
Fire Relevant given today's news update on the West TX fertilizer plant disaster. 
Fire We are one of Australia's leading natural disaster, fire and storm event  reconstruction firms.
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives (LA Times) 
Car_crash Or in my case, don't drive until you get your permit coz you may or may not crash your grandma's car.
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives 
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives 
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives 
Car_crash Passenger dies after car is broadsided in Pompano Beach: A 67-year-old woman died after the car she wa... Google
Car_crash A driver is dead after their car collided with a truck in Melbourne's southeast. 
Car_crash I'm the type of person that will get in a car crash bc there's a bug in the car 😭
Car_crash Just saw a car crash in front of me and was this close to hitting us. I am so thankful, and the driver was okay 😭
Car_crash Palm Springs police car was struck during collision on Dinah Shore Drive & Crossley Road this morning 
Car_crash Palm Springs police car was struck during collision on Dinah Shore Drive & Crossley Road this morning 
Car_crash Passenger dies after car is broadsided in Pompano Beach: A 67-year-old woman died after the car she was riding in… 
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives 
Car_crash Shedden shrugs off car crash weekend as he bids to retain BTCC crown. GORDON SHEDDEN is looking... 
Car_crash Newschopper 9 was rolling as an SUV plows into a truck towing a car. WATCH: 
Car_crash I was gonna read 7 Brief Lessons on Physics today, but then I was in a car crash and experienced physics firsthand.
Car_crash Oklahoma man involved in a fatal car crash that kills 1: As summer approaches, many throughout the United Sta... 
Car_crash One dead as school bus, car and ute crash - Radio New Zealand 
Car_crash Motorcycle, car crash in Vancouver, 2 in hospital - 
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives: A woman is expected to s... #losangeles
Car_crash A pedestrian has been rushed to RPH after being hit by a car in West Perth. Major Crash investigating 
Car_crash Passenger dies after car is broadsided in Pompano Beach: A 67-year-old woman died after the car she was ridin... 
Car_crash But the white boy who killed 3 or 4 people in a car crash cause he was drunk only got rehab.. Interesting 🤔 
Car_crash #Anaheim rollover crash off 91 Fwy. Chopper 4 saw at least 3 people plucked from car 
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives 
Car_crash Camera work during the car crash served no purpose other than to advanced the plot.There were no other ways to convey that? #MovieFightsLive
Car_crash #KiaNews : Man Charged In Denton Crash That Killed Two Children: A Dodge Dakota and a Kia passenger car were ... 
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives 
Car_crash Passenger dies after car is broadsided in Pompano Beach: A 67-year-old woman died after the car she was ridin... 
Car_crash Passenger dies after car is broadsided in Pompano Beach: A 67-year-old woman died after the car she was ridin... 
Car_crash I just witnessed the worst car crash ever😬
Car_crash In season 5 Meredith had a dream Derrick died in a car crash .. They were warning us
Car_crash One dead as school bus, car and ute crash - Radio New Zealand 
Car_crash Video:  Dale Romans lucky to be alive after car crash on Derby Night 
Car_crash Car engulfed in flames after I-5 wreck involving car, van and tow truck 
Car_crash this thread is like watching a car crash. I can't look away but goddamn lol
Car_crash NEWS: Pregnant Woman Killed, Man Injured in Shooting, Car Crash on Highway 4 in Pittsburg: Police - NBC Bay Area |… 
Car_crash Sun-Sentinel: Passenger dies after car is broadsided in Pompano Beach 
Car_crash I'm not mad at my mom for not getting Beyoncé tickets, but I was driving when she told me & I wanted to crash the car only a lot
Car_crash But what happens to the two journalists presently fighting over the one car crash story? (Weldon was a gentle dig.)
Car_crash Car rolls 500 feet down cliff, driver trapped for 14 hours and survives 
Car_crash NEW scary car accident in Russia!!Daweoo nexia!!Citroen crash!!Share your ...
Car_crash #OldPosts: [DOWNLOAD VIDEO]:... 
Car_crash New Terrible Car Crash Compilation, Car Crashes and accidents Compilation – Oct-Nov 2015 
Car_crash When you see a car crash will you stop driving? 
Car_crash CTFD Addr: Chillicothe Rd & Martingale Ln; Russell Twp Type: Traffic Crash-I - 2 car mva unknown injury
Car_crash Really bad car crash on Parker, there’s like 10 cops and 2 fire trucks, hope everyone’s ok 
Car_crash HE IS CODING, BRING THE CRASH CAR 🚨🚨🚨
Car_crash fox25news: 28-year-old Nick Lashaway has died after a car crash in Framingham. 
Car_crash Is This The Funniest Note Left On A Car After A Crash? 
Car_crash My biggest issue was the multiple camera angels at the scene of a car crash in the middle of the woods #MovieFightsLive 
Car_crash ghost Derek better make a car crash happen I swear
Car_crash GAH DAMN! they gave this 23 yo 3 life sentences for this car crash that killed a family of 3 while drunk and high smh.
Car_crash - 7:34am, Roberto FedericoSerious Crash on Thomas street x Kings Park road in West Perth Car vs Bike
Car_crash "alright Ima ask you this one more time before I crash this car... Are you cheating?" 
Car_crash 28-year-old Nick Lashaway has died after a car crash in Framingham. 
Car_crash Exhibit A
Car_crash This is why I don't take naps because in that 10 minute nap I thought I got in a car crash and almost woke up crying 😊
Car_crash is honking at me all that satisfying honestly? what are you gaining from this? I hope you crash your car
Car_crash Briton flees after 2 killed in pickup-car crash 
Car_crash "I hope you get in a car crash and rot in hell, you punk a** b***h" - customer who was upset I shut them off for not paying their bill.
Car_crash Don't disrespect my property!!! If you crash my car it's MY PROBLEM NOT YOURS
Car_crash Red Star Pattern Ground Laser Light Car Crash Warn Driving Lamp Collision Alarm 
Car_crash Nice car nonce, I'm going to do a drama alert based on your death when you crash into a tree 
Car_crash You Need to See These Photos If Your Child Sits in a Car Seat 
Car_crash .honors 'Girls' actor who died in a Framingham car crash: 
Car_crash I liked a video CAR CRASH IN NEW YORK!!!
Car_crash  #Robloxfriday13th my game hit 13k visits on friday 13th my car crash one ilumnati comfirmedBtw friday 13 is today for Australians
Car_crash car crash will be the death of me 😅
Car_crash Car crash couples is probably the worst programme ever but I still watch it 🤔
Car_crash was he transitioning before or after he thought he was going to serve time for that car crash
Car_crash Мне понравилось видео "Сбитый пешеход Подборка ДТП! Car Crash Compilation 27 VV 2016"
Car_crash I liked a video [US ONLY] US CAR CRASH/ROAD RAGE COMPILATION #28
Car_crash New Cars Offers : #Deals Full HD 1080P 2.4" LCD Car DVR Dash Camera Crash Cam G-sensor Nig… 
Car_crash After season 6's car crash finale. That crash basically symbolizes the rest of the series....a car wreck.
Car_crash utter car crash writing. I don't think there was a single thing in that piece that I nodded and thought "fair enough"
Car_crash A DRIVER has died in a fiery two-car crash in Pakenham South this morning 
Car_crash Almost got into a car crash because sent me a snap of his toe 😩😂
Car_crash SB 71 at 23rd - SUV slams into back of stalled car being towed.  NewsChopper 9 has video of the crash. Soon on 
Car_crash Almost just got in a car crash😅
Car_crash I liked a video [US ONLY] US CAR CRASH/ROAD RAGE COMPILATION #14
Car_crash was the gender problem simply a cover up for being at fault of killing someone in a car crash?
Car_crash Carson City robbery suspect also accused of sexually assaulting minor. 
Car_crash And I also cannot explain my deep rooted hatred for Brain I literally got so excited when he got into a car crash bc I hoped he'd die
Car_crash is honking at me all that satisfying honestly? what are you gaining from this? I hope you crash your car
Car_crash #DarylDixon News: 'Walking Dead' Season 7 News: Norman Reedus & Daryl Dixon Help Car Crash Vict... #NormanReedus
Car_crash New Terrible Car Crash Compilation, Car Crashes and accidents Compilation October 2015 
Car_crash Car crash // MT Ric Ocasek won't let cover a Cars song, so LPs are recalled & destroyed 
Car_crash Who watchea Car Crash couples?To be fair Frida is a worldie.
Car_crash Мне понравилось видео "ДТП Подборка Аварий/Car Crash Compilation 2016 May №8"
Car_crash another car crash?
Car_crash *almost gets in car crash*: guys we almost got head-firsted
Car_crash  don't act all nice when u were the one that told Brooke you hope she gets in a car crash again today🤔
Car_crash Видео "ДТП Подборка Аварий/Car Crash Compilation 2016 May №8" (на 
Car_crash Видео "Car Crash Compilation 2016 May №9/ДТП Подборка Аварий" (на 
Car_crash Car crash. Got hit by a drunk driver. 😢 
Car_crash Hi Guys Nate aka Phorse died in a car crash so I will be running this channel
Car_crash Видео "Car Crash Compilation 2016 May №10/ДТП Подборка Аварий" (на 
Car_crash I was in one pretty bad car accident at the age of 6 and one slightly less dangerous car crash when I was 8. This is my problem.
Car_crash there is people don't watch smh. It's so disappointing but I'm not surprised, s2's arc & treatment of Peggy's character was a car crash tbh
Other b o i you'd think with all the pride you take in your glasses, you wouldn't be surprised at things 
Other Exactly what I have said she has met & talked to more heads of states & diplomats then anyone else in the world.
Other I can fill the servers. Just give me a green name and the okay to do it and its np at all. #EDCodes #ReviveTheGame
Other 힘내
Other When you're not sure Quan's enjoying the show 
Other love is in the air x)
Other They make it difficult, so you won't get the solos so they can make it. And it's as simple as that.
Other Which sucks, because I started liking the KDs.  Still wanna see where the line goes.  Kyrie too.
Other The Sneaker Exit Convention via 
Other In the 40s, we couldn't say icky things. But today, ppl talk about rape...during a FESTIVAL! Quelle horreur! 
Other Can't do yourself, that's the only rule  
Other I know but I'm talking about the people who have been in a relationship for 5 years then decide to have a kid.
Other Thanks for the shoutout Happy to be included with the likes of and 
Other LEAK: This is exactly what the iPhone 7 will look like 
Other I've kinda settled on that being the purpose. 
Other The really early superhero fantasies arent so much power fantasies as they are about helping people who the system wont help
Other What the hell pat sjaak ... That was an asshole thing to say... Saw zero humor ..!!#whatadickhead
Other you can be the freshest prankster gangster
Other 13.  My back “went out” to the point that I couldn’t work or workout for about 6 months, I was only sleeping about 2-3 hours a night due to
Other I like the platoons but play by bats regardless of handedness. Hot is more important
Other To quote Elliot when his kids are around, "Does a bear shit in the woods?"
Other 2/3 The angle of the sun is kind of irrelevant, but none the less cannot be determined frm this one 2-D (& distorted) picture
Other The Complete Guide to Learning WordPress 
Other Long video, but if you've never seen a routine like this or the exercises, you'll enjoy it. Also some info on... 
Other I saw haily at Dutch and I said the same thing😂😂 
Other “On the pedestal these words appear: ‘My name is Three20, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!‘Nothing beside remains.“
Other The average salary of a teacher in Pennsylvania can range from $52K to $95K.  Find out the average in your district: 
Other Tfw you end up in the middle of people's drama but all you wanted to do was help 
Other thanks for the rec!
Other I just entered giveaway to win a copy of  Enter - 
Other How online 'influencers' are changing the food industry: Meet the online 'influencers' shaking up the food industry 
Other right up there with his ERA on the seasons
Other Navy fires commander who got 10 sailors captured by Iran: The Navy said it had lost confidence in Cmdr. Eric Rasch. 
Other Friday the thirteenth is freaking me out damn
Other My sister threw the phone at me when I wasn't paying attention and it hit my 3DS
Other What Product Should Everyone Who Loves To Bake Own?: Help us better the lives of baking enthusiasts everywher... 
Other Postscript: You don't want an agent who turns into a cheerleader when you hand them a new draft. You want one who turns into The Terminator.
Other $10 bets are the best
Other I personally like the actors, I just feel like the lines they're given are a bit strange and out of character.
Other And thanks for the follow back
Other Station Casinos plans to buy the resort for $312.5 million ... During the first few days, shoppers can score ...  
Other What would the English translation for Shakara be?
Other Wali Parks '16 placed second and Austin West placed fourth in the 400 meter dash.
Other The paranoia can start to turn into arrogance
Other The "Vote for Hillary, she's not Trump" line of reasoning sets the bar so low that nothing can get underneath it now.
Other the ending got me off guard damn i felt like my heart has just been ripped out & stamped on 😶 cried my eyes out man this movie destroyed me
Other (It looks like my leg is missing) but these are my birthday pics :') 😼💗✨I sorta gave up on the last one lol. 
Other What an honor to guest conduct the #NationalAnthem at the CN Community Band concert. #SupporttheArts #Music 
Other AWW the doggie! lol
Other on the closed season.
Other Trailer de The Accountant. Protagoniza Ben Affleck.Tiene buena pinta. Es un papel jugoso para Affleck.
Other I’m ready to engage with my 5 new followers in the past week. I know them via 
Other Passing out shirts to all of the captains! 
Other and this was the day before it 🌚😎 
Other I’m ready to engage with my 20 new followers in the past week. I know them via 
Other Joel Kinnaman to Star in Netflix Sci-Fi Drama 'Altered Carbon': The Skydance TV project is based on the book ... 
Other I can really feel the difference in my horses when they are on Equine Recoup.. read more - 
Other Azealia Banks gets suspended from Twitter & may get banned from the UK too 
Other Nominate for #TeenChoice 2016 using the hashtag #ChoiceNextBigThing x14
Other There are no switches on the primo LucidBRAKE that you have to remember to turn on or turn off. #Brake 
Other With all the timing of a seasoned comedian, she asked me: "Did you eat this man?" 'Well players through it was hilarious. 😮 🙈
Other I'm praising God for what He uses me to do! He is the one doing all this "stuff" He's just using me to do it!... 
Other The rain is slowing down and the crowd continues to grow at the Fort Wayne Music Festival with in 
Other *lights flicker* quick charge your electronics just in case the power goes out!2016 in a nutshell.
Other I felt the same way when they posted the pictures!
Other Faaaala galera!! Dia 21.05 temos I LOVE TEQUILA no The Pub.E agora… 
Other The Ways Investors Trip Up - 
Other I just added "An Afternoon in Eindhoven" to The iPhone Film Makers on 
Other THE SPURS ARE LOSING TODAY
Other and Dongwoon in the background throwing out lots of love!! My honey bunny😘😘😘
Other 3 new unfollowers in the last day. Via 
Other After all the drama, ABC has canceled 'Castle' 
Other you have all the support from your fans, the WADA make a very wrong decision, the meldonium it's not a doping drug
Other Magnolia Massage: The Economic Power of Women #massage 
Other Instead of wasting millions on self serve kiosks pay your workers a living wage and raise the price of your shit food. BOYCOTT???
Other *shoots at the people above and below*
Other I'm the guy going "ahh" in the background  
Other idk if the person I'm going with want anyone else to go tho 🙊👀
Other #bewellfans guess who got their #swag in the mail! Excited! #happygirl 
Other What The Fed needs is a clue.
Other Then came today or the first."
Other Stephen Curry has the Best Selling NBA Jersey for the second year in a row 
Other Worrying doesn't take the stress out of tomorrow, but it takes the strength out of today.
Other I will wander till the end of timeTorn away from youI pulled away to face the painI close my… 
Other #ThankYouABC for making the right decision #Castle #ProudOfThisFandom #NoStanaNoCastle #BeckettForever #BeckettAlways
Other can i just say i love so much because they play b-sides at concerts and festivals??? like i never thought i'd hear the draw
Other hey yall to get the shirts made we need to sell at least 50 & there isn't much time so keep the orders comin $13 💙💛 
Other 😂😂the good days
Other Excited to be part of the  #GWT2016 Get TIX 
Other ohh myyy. in fairness tho that test is one of the hardest AP tests out there
Other Real talk: If Tessa or someone else shows up as Monica Rambeau. I'm doubling down...they're doing the whole thing.
Other 2 years ago today, we were talking about the baseball debut of Tracy McGrady 
Other What Product Should Everyone Who Loves To Bake Own?: Help us better the lives of baking enthusiasts everywher... 
Other I would imagine the NFL got a copy of USC schedule or in touch with USC officials when making the schedule
Other tbh i only like kirei in fate/zero. i've never seen any of the other series... and i mostly love kirei bc he's so sad
Other Ranked with Shaman! Come chill with the #NeardArmy! 
Other it was by house. I picked it up, gave it to the guy, and I said "you probably shouldn't have this here"
Other I'm letting everyone know rn.. If the Spurs lose tonight I'm deactivating all of my social media💯
Other Go to Have you been wanting the new Metal Matte lipstick by ? I… 
Other I don't run. I do the elliptical machine 🙃😂 I'm trying to gain my endurance before I start running. Lol